# [M-02] Bypass of Minimum Balance Check in deposit_eth() Function leads to tx failing#92

### Description
In the deposit_eth() function of processsor.rs which handles the deposit of ETH into the bridge program. It calculates the amount of lamports to transfer. If the depositor account does not exist and the transfer value is less than the minimum balance required by Rent, it adjusts the transfer value to the minimum balance, in here the check to ensure the depositor account does not exist is that the account does not have any lamports in it. But this check can be bypassed easily by frontrunning of sending a small amount to this account.

### Root cause
```rust
        if transfer_value < min_balance && depositor_account.lamports() == 0 {
            transfer_value = min_balance;
        }
```
### Impact
An attacker can bypass the check by frontrunning the transaction and sending a small amount of lamports to the depositor account. This would prevent the transfer value from being adjusted to the minimum balance, potentially causing the transaction to fail or behave unexpectedly. In this way vault account will be transfering value which below than the rent exempt of the account .If an account's balance falls below this rent-exempt minimum, it becomes subject to rent collection. Rent is deducted from the account's balance at each epoch, and if the balance is insufficient to cover the rent due, the account may be marked for deletion to free up storage resources.

### Proof of Concept
The depositor account does not have any lamports.
Before the execution of the deposit_eth() function by the payer, someone transfers a small amount of lamports to the account:
solana transfer depositor_account 0.5
Remediation
Instead of checking the lamports, check the data_len of the depositor_account
```rust
if transfer_value < min_balance && depositor_account.data_len() == 0 {
    transfer_value = min_balance;
}
```